---
title: "Terms and Conditions"
slug: "terms-and-conditions"
date: "2025-07-25T13:11:19"
---

		<div data-elementor-type="wp-page" data-elementor-id="5306" class="elementor elementor-5306" data-elementor-post-type="page">
				<div class="elementor-element elementor-element-96580cc e-flex e-con-boxed e-con e-parent" data-id="96580cc" data-element_type="container" data-e-type="container" data-settings="{&quot;background_background&quot;:&quot;classic&quot;}">
					<div class="e-con-inner">
				<div class="elementor-element elementor-element-153cefe elementor-widget elementor-widget-heading" data-id="153cefe" data-element_type="widget" data-e-type="widget" data-widget_type="heading.default">
				<div class="elementor-widget-container">
					<h1 class="elementor-heading-title elementor-size-default">Terms and Conditions</h1>				</div>
				</div>
					</div>
				</div>
		<div class="elementor-element elementor-element-1c91898 e-flex e-con-boxed e-con e-parent" data-id="1c91898" data-element_type="container" data-e-type="container">
					<div class="e-con-inner">
				<div class="elementor-element elementor-element-bb67d46 elementor-widget elementor-widget-text-editor" data-id="bb67d46" data-element_type="widget" data-e-type="widget" data-widget_type="text-editor.default">
				<div class="elementor-widget-container">
									<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Last updated: July 21, 2025</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.</span></p><h2><b>Interpretation and Definitions</b></h2><h3><b>Interpretation</b></h3><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The words in which the initial letter is capitalised have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in the singular or plural.</span></p><h3><b>Definitions</b></h3><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For these Terms and Conditions:</span></p><ul><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Affiliate</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where &#8220;control&#8221; means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interests, or other securities entitled to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority.</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>The country</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> refers to Madhya Pradesh, India.</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Company</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (referred to as either &#8220;the Company&#8221;, &#8220;We&#8221;, &#8220;Us,&#8221; or &#8220;Our&#8221; in this Agreement) refers to Stone World Pvt Ltd, 108-FB, Scheme No 94, Near Arpit Hospital, Ring Road, Near Pipliyahana Square, Indore, M. P. &#8211; 452018.</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Device</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> means any device that can access the Service, such as a computer, a cell phone, or a digital tablet.</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Service</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> refers to the Website.</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Terms and Conditions</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (also referred d as &#8220;Terms&#8221;) mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service. </span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Third-party Social Media Service</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> means any services or content (including data, information, products, or services) provided by a third party that may be displayed, included, or made available by the Service.</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>Website</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> refers to Stone World, accessible from </span><a href="https://stoneworld.co.in/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">https://stoneworld.co.in/</span></a></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><b>You</b><span style="font-weight: 400;"> mean the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</span></li></ul><h2><b>Acknowledgment</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, then you may not access the Service.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information when you use the Application or the Website and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before using our Service.</span></p><h2><b>Links to Other Websites</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such websites or services.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.</span></p><h2><b>Termination</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We may terminate or suspend your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach these Terms and Conditions.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Upon termination, your right to use the Service will cease immediately.</span></p><h2><b>Limitation of Liability</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of these Terms and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount paid by you through the Service or 100 USD if you haven&#8217;t purchased anything through the Service.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party&#8217;s liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.</span></p><h2><b>&#8220;AS IS&#8221; and &#8220;AS AVAILABLE&#8221; Disclaimer</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Service is provided to You &#8220;AS IS&#8221; and &#8220;AS AVAILABLE&#8221; and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its behalf and behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, concerning the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company&#8217;s provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you. But in such a case, the exclusions and limitations outlined in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.</span></p><h2><b>Governing Law</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern these Terms and your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.</span></p><h2><b>Disputes Resolution</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any concern or dispute about the Service, you agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.</span></p><h2><b>For European Union (EU) Users</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident.</span></p><h2><b>United States Legal Compliance</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a &#8220;terrorist supporting&#8221; country, and (ii) you are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.</span></p><h2><b>Severability and Waiver</b></h2><h3><b>Severability</b></h3><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.</span></p><h3><b>Waiver</b></h3><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not affect a party&#8217;s ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.</span></p><h2><b>Translation Interpretation</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if we have made them available to you on our Service. You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.</span></p><h2><b>Changes to These Terms and Conditions</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days&#8217; notice before any new terms take effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.</span></p><h2><b>Contact Us</b></h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, you can contact us:</span></p><ul><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">By email: <a href="mailto:stoneworld.ind@gmail.co">stoneworld.ind@gmail.co</a>m</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">By phone number: <a href="tel:+916267967059">+91 6267967059</a></span></li></ul>								</div>
				</div>
					</div>
				</div>
				</div>
		